
```RpgManager4
id: 
  type: "chapter"
  campaign: "Yuletide Questers/Yuletide Questers.md"
  parent: "Yuletide Questers/The Prime Star.md"
  positionInParent: 1
tasks: 
  - id: "f68afdb7-e1d0-4a81-ad88-4cdb257d7999"
    priority: 1
    name: "Complete Chapter"
    description: "Complete Chapter Prologue"
    type: "creation"
    status: "proposed"
data: 
  description: "The prologue for the adventure. "
```

[[Yuletide Questers/Yuletide Questers.md|]]
[[Yuletide Questers/The Prime Star.md|]]
The adventure begins at the end of [[Deepdraw]], in [[Alderheart]] at the heart of the Wood. The Winter Festival is in full swing. Celebrating [[HumblewoodCampaignSetting-V1.04.pdf#page=59|Altus]]; games and activities during this festival challenge entrants with feats of strength and endurance. No official winner is declared, and all who participate are lauded for their courage and given a special place at the feasting table. This festival is multi-faceted though, and many also use the time to honour the great gift-giving contest that brought about the raising of the [[Amaranthine]].

At the heart of Alderheart, in the grand open courtyard of the Canopy Market, a massive tree is found. Decorated in fruit, painted nuts, wooden ornaments, paper streamers, and candles - the tree is absolutely stunning, and a must-see for all festival-goers. Unfortunately, the worst has occurred, while attempting, unsuccessfully, to secure it to the top of the tree, a [[Luma]] by the name of [[Alden Whiteburrow]] has destroyed Alderheart's [[Prime Star]], a section of star-crystal gifted to the city by the Keepers of the Winter Festival in Norden.

In response to this, a message was sent to the [[Tenders]] of the Crystal Expanse. A crop of [[Tenders#SEEDLING|Seedlings]] was brought together, and an expedition to the heart of Nordan was formed.